hey YouTube this is just 1 9 8 12 I'm
here making the YouTube video how to
root a samsung it was a Samsung exhibit
4G I know I tried a lot of them you know
roots in didn't work on I found two of
them so here's my you know Samsung 4G
exhibit 4G yeah I put it on there so
yeah it's already rooted you know I'll
just show you I'll prove to you that it
is already rooted by what multiple ways
and the software is called that I'm
using to run route it I mean to route it
is called was the unlock route you could
download it off the internet Google try
it out route
of course plugging your device
click root
here - I Samuel is my name and like just
like you says your device has already
been Rudi don't worry buddy get up lick
yes
I think his ticket
several military chicken
so yeah you get the point on me is rude
I'll just close the window I didn't
really want to do it but yeah but to put
the point is yeah you get it you get the
point
it's Brutus already rooted and all that
crazy stuff
so I mean approved so you know prove
that smile and I think it rotates it is
already routed right there so go on yeah
you know where is it that was my murse
here it is my super user sorry I passed
it did so yeah Sean the entry
allowed everything you know is routed
you know the proof you know and all sort
of prove it is routed again you know
it's a good application that requires a
route and you know all these tethered
application this Bionic tether whatever
it requires a route starting
well I gives about that
we closed that
yeahyou server that if again you can see
let me try that one more time
see
you're tweaking little good
but yeah you get the point - so like I
said ray subscribe you know you know
subscribe like I have any questions I
will answer them still like I said it on
yes this is the software that's called
was a lock root calm and yes like I said
I routed a Samsung exhibit 4G and it was
really easy and so yeah you know like I
said commented not let stuff have any
questions I'll answer them just send me
a message or comment like subscribe get
on my knee hook up with decent videos so
yeah so if you're looking forward to get
a Samsung for Jake spirit exhibit
looking for a root well yeah there's a
right before I even make this video I'll
just help my little brother out with it
too so I'm not lying to you
so alright peace